Update DABP release notes (#253)
onewelcome/identity-cloud-documentation: docs/dabp/release-notes/index.md

In the release notes we mention new features and bug fixes. If anything is unclear, feel free to contact [Onegini Support](https://support.onegini.com).

## Release date: 2023-06-27

### Bugs

> * We fixed validation of JWT AccessTokens that were issued for `client_credentials` grant.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We fixed the validation of M2M tokens used to access the APIs.  
```
